"Three Failures And A Success"
------------------------------

Prologue: Show life before and establish characters

- Inciting Incident: Something goes wrong

- - Low Mid-Point: Something goes wrong again while trying to fix it

- - - Black Moment: Something goes terribly wrong in the last attempt to fix it

- - Climax!

- Resolution: Successfully fix problems

Epilogue: Show life after and how characters have changed/grown






Player should continue to succeed while character continues to fail. Completing objectives should just make things worse to propel story.






















- puzzle where you need to drain a lake (which floods an underground chamber). Draining the lake allows first quest to proceed, flooding chamber allows another quest to proceed

- need a lottery system. At one point character's luck turns for the better and can win lottery. Of course they will lose everything shortly after




- A game that berates you as you play. "You suck" "You can't make this jump" "Big deal. Who Cares?" Something like an expression of what it's like to have depression and anxiety

- Something about needing to replace a spike that binds the multiverse..need to double-check this isn't stolen from Dark Tower or LOZ...

- Babu or Baaboo or Baboo has a nice ring to it. Check for other uses first, but is a great name for a game of some kind

- A world where people's identity is digital and some people are basically retarded due to tech limits when they were digitized



- SPACETRONAUT *edit* fuckers!









there is a being of pure light and energy that runs everything in slavery and you have to decide whether or not to free it and ruin everything or not














LII


Drugs are social. You all trip together in a shared experience. Illegal, but tolarated - addiction is epidemic. Everyone does.

Tech is Nanopsychotropic. You touch each other and interact with the world, just in a total different sensual space.

The illusion overlays reality with your choice of experience.
Look how you want to look. Sound how you want to sound. Be who you want to be.


Impossible to tell if someone is drugged unless you are also drugged. Then you don't know who isn't. But most are. Realies are shunned.


While dosed, it's possible to tell the simulation is running if you look for it. 
There are tells. 
But, some people choose to don't look and live like their version of real is the only one.



Trouble is, people keep dying in virtual real space, from an untraceable horror. A very dangerous ghost in the machine.



Drug is manufactured by Overcorp to bribe foreign ambassidors? Anyways, Tech is government funded on the secret.
Killer is AI virus injected to The Framework to eliminate political targets. 

Tech leaked. VR drug is everywhere. Virtual Assasin got loose and is running wild in the shared virtual space. No-one is safe.


Trace to the top, BigBad says why ruin it? Life sucks. Check it out. Shit's all wrecked up. 


But really really? Outside is all lush and green not all wrecked up like BigBoss said.



riyth.com
riythm.com
ryyth.com
ryythm.com
rrthmm.com
rrthm.com

rhythmhero.com

underthunk.com
enturbulate.com
obligatron.com

herodept.com

newhero.com
nowhero.com

swordofhero.com
herosword.com

obligatoryhero.com
automatichero.com
involuntaryhero.com
unintentionalhero.com
unwillinghero.com
unwittinghero.com

automaticenjoyment.com
automaticfun.com

mandatoryenjoyment.com
compulsaryenjoyment.com
compulsatoryenjoyment.com
obligatoryenjoyment.com
involuntaryenjoyment.com

compulsaryfun.com
compulsatoryfun.com
obligatoryfun.com
involuntaryfun.com

counterfeitfun.com
counterfeitenjoyment.com

officialenjoyment.com

enjoymentfactory.com
enjoymentmachine.com

ministryofenjoyment.com
enjoymentministry.com

ministryofhero.com
ministryofheroes.com